update nft documentation (#96)
ElrondNetwork/docs.elrond.com: docs/developers/nft-tokens.md

    Sender: <address with ESDTRoleNFTCreate role>
    Receiver: <same as sender>
    Value: 0

>     GasLimit: 6000000 + Additional gas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    GasLimit: 6000000 + Additional gas (see below)
```

}
```

Additional gas refers to:
- Transaction payload cost: Data field length * 1500 (GasPerDataByte = 1500)
- Storage cost: Size of NFT data * 50000 (StorePerByte = 50000)

:::tip

> Please note that because NFTs are stored in accounts trie, every transaction involving the NFT will require higher gas depending on NFT data size.

Reviewer: No need to say "please" in technical documentation :)

```suggestion
Note that because NFTs are stored in accounts trie, every transaction involving the NFT will require a gas limit depending on NFT data size.
```

}
```

### **Stop NFT creation**

The ESDT manager can stop the creation of an NFT for the given ESDT forever, by removing the only `ESDTRoleNFTCreate` role available.
This is done by performing a transaction like this:

```
StopNFTCreationTransaction {
    Sender: <account address of the token manager>
    Receiver: erd1qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqpqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqzllls8a5w6u
    Value: 0

>     GasLimit: 500000 + length of Data field in bytes * 1500

Reviewer 2: 60000000

Author: fixed

    Data: "stopNFTCreate" +
          "@" + <token identifier in hexadecimal encoding> +
}
```

> ### **Freezing and Unfreezing a single NFT**

Reviewer: `###` already makes the text bold, so there is no need for `**`. Please remove `**` from all section / subsection titles when you can.

Author: true, but it will be displayed with no bold in the sidebar menu. just kept the consistency
